Following
the defeat of Deckard Shaw and Mose Jakande,
Dominic "Dom" Toretto and Letty Ortiz are
on their honeymoon in Havana when Dom's cousin
Fernando gets in trouble owing money to local
racer Raldo.
Sensing Raldo is a loan shark, Dom challenges
Raldo to a race, pitting Fernando's 1950 Chevrolet
Fleetline against Raldo's 1956 Ford Fairlane
Crown Victoria, and wagering his own 1961
Chevrolet Impala.
After narrowly winning the race (and destroying
the Fleetline in the process), Dom allows
Raldo to keep his car, saying his respect
is enough and leaves his cousin with his own
car.
The next day, an elusive cyberterrorist named
Cipher coerces Dom into working for her by
showing him an unseen photo or video on her
phone.
Shortly afterward, DSS agent Luke Hobbs recruits
Dom and his team, comprising of Letty, Roman
Pearce, Tej Parker, and Ramsey, to help him
retrieve an EMP device from a military outpost
in Berlin.
During the getaway, Dom goes rogue, forcing
Hobbs off the road and stealing the device
for Cipher.
Hobbs gets arrested and locked up in the same
high-security prison which holds Deckard Shaw.
After Deckard and Hobbs both escape the prison,
intelligence operative Mr. Nobody and his
protégé, Eric Reisner (dubbed Little Nobody
by Tej), recruits Deckard and Hobbs to help
the team find Dom and capture Cipher.
Deckard reveals that Cipher had hired his
brother Owen to steal the Nightshade device
and Mose Jakande to steal God's Eye, Ramsey's
software program from the last movie.
The team tracks Dom and Cipher to their place,
moments before the latter two attack the base,
causing injuries to the team, and stealing
God's Eye.
Roman suggests that they call Brian in to
help them on why Dom betrayed the team, but
Letty rejects the idea as they made a promise
not to bring him and Mia into any more dangerous
activities for the sake of their children.
When Dom questions Cipher's motives, she reveals
that she has held hostage Dom's ex-lover and
DSS agent Elena Neves, and their son, of whose
existence Dom was unaware.
Elena tells Dom that she wanted him to decide
the child's first name, having already given
him the middle name Marcos.
In New York City, Cipher sends Dom (in a 1971
Plymouth GTX) to retrieve a nuclear football
held by the Russian Minister of Defense.
Prior to the theft, Dom briefly evades Cipher—with
the help of Raldo—and persuades Deckard
and Owen's mother, Magdalene, to help him.
Cipher hacks into the electronics systems
of many cars, remotely controlling them via
auto drive, causing them to disable the convoy
so that Dom can take the football.
The team intercepts Dom in their vehicles,
but Dom escapes, shooting and seemingly killing
Deckard in the process.
Letty catches up to Dom, but is ambushed and
nearly killed by Cipher's enforcer, Connor
Rhodes, before Dom stops him from killing
Letty.
In retaliation, Cipher has Rhodes execute
a tied-up Elena in front of a helpless Dom.
Dom, in a 1968 Dodge Charger, infiltrates
a military separatist base in Russia to use
the EMP device to disable their security and
to disable a nuclear submarine, enabling Cipher
to hijack it and attempt to use its arsenal
to trigger a nuclear war.
They are once again intercepted by the team,
who are able to shut down the sub's nuclear
weapons, and drive out toward the sea gate
that would prevent the sub from leaving into
open waters while being pursued by the separatists.
Meanwhile, Deckard, who faked his death,
teams up with Owen, and at Magdalene's
behest, infiltrates Cipher's plane to rescue Dom's son.
Once Deckard reports that the child is safe,
Dom turns on Cipher and kills Rhodes, before
rejoining his team.
Infuriated, Cipher fires an infrared homing
missile at Dom, but he breaks away from his
team and maneuvers around it, causing the
missile to hit the submarine instead, causing
an explosion that destroys Dom's vehicle.
The team quickly forms a vehicular blockade
around Dom, shielding him from the ensuing
explosion as the submarine is destroyed.
Deckard reaches the front of the plane and
confronts Cipher, who escapes by jumping from
the plane with a parachute.
Mr. Nobody and his protégé visit Dom and
his team in New York City to report that Cipher
is still at large in Athens.
Hobbs has his record cleared and is offered
his DSS job back, but he declines in order to spend
more time with his daughter.
Deckard delivers Dom his son, putting his
differences aside with Dom and Hobbs.
Dom names his son Brian and celebrates with
his friends.